Adding `meta_desc` to blogs (first batch) (#1499)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/building-new-pulumi-projects-and-stacks-from-templates/index.md

title: "Building new Pulumi projects and stacks from templates"
authors: ["marc-holmes"]
tags: ["Features"]

> meta_desc: "This blog shows how to build pulumi projects and stac ks from templates."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "This blog shows how to build Pulumi projects and stacks from templates."
```
